Before we dive into styling, which styles we can use and some patterns we use when applying styles to
objects,
here's one thing you might have ask yourself, why do we use stylesheet to create this styles object
and no normal javascript object.
So why do we use this approach and not this approach?
Technically, they both give us a javascript object where we can reference some property container in
this case and then get the styles we set up here,
so why would we use the left approach if we end up with the same result?
Well it only looks like the same result,
technically, different things happen.
We should use stylesheet create whenever possible for creating style definitions because it doesn't
just create a javascript object,
it also validates the styles,
so can we use them,
did we set up valid styles in there and it also sends them to native code more efficiently.
Now that certainly sounds strange but always keep in mind that your code in the end is compiled to native
code, your components are compiled to native code and therefore your styles which are crucial parts of
the components you are using also need to be compiled to native code and that is done more efficiently
when using stylesheet create.
You can use the other approach and in this module, I will actually show some examples of when we just can't
use stylesheet create
but if you can, define your styles with stylesheet create.
So that's what's behind stylesheet, with that why don't we just dive into it and start styling our application
and seeing how we style and which styles we can use
and all these things.